0720 quick fix (#2004)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/dashboard/system.md

![image](./assets/users.png)

> All users have admin rights to delete other users, but you cannot delete the currently logged in user on the Dashboard.

> > For security reasons, starting with EMQX 5.0.0, Dashboard user credentials cannot be used for REST API authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
> For security reasons, starting with EMQX 5.0.0, Dashboard use cannot be used for REST API authentication.
```
